CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# How to Contribute

Thanks for your interest in contributing to Telefonistka! Here are a few general guidelines on contributing and
reporting bugs that we ask you to review. Following these guidelines helps to communicate that you respect the time of
the contributors managing and developing this open source project. In return, they should reciprocate that respect in
addressing your issue, assessing changes, and helping you finalize your pull requests. In that spirit of mutual respect,
we endeavour to review incoming issues and pull requests within 10 days, and will close any lingering issues or pull
requests after 60 days of inactivity.

Please note that all of your interactions in the project are subject to our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). This
includes creation of issues or pull requests, commenting on issues or pull requests, and extends to all interactions in
any real-time space (eg. Slack, Discord, etc).

## Reporting Issues

Before reporting a new issue, please ensure that the issue was not already reported or fixed by searching through our
[issues list](https://github.com/commercetools/telefonistka/issues).

When creating a new issue, please be sure to include a **title and clear description**, as much relevant information as
possible, and, if possible, a test case.

**If you discover a security bug, please do not report it through GitHub. Instead, please see security procedures in
[SECURITY.md](SECURITY.md).**

## Sending Pull Requests

Before sending a new pull request, take a look at existing pull requests and issues to see if the proposed change or fix
has been discussed in the past, or if the change was already implemented but not yet released.

We expect new pull requests to include tests for any affected behavior, and, as we follow semantic versioning, we may
reserve breaking changes until the next major version release.

Signed commits are required. Follow [Github
documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/managing-commit-signature-verification/signing-commits)
to set it up, and sign your commits so that your pull request can be merged.

## Other Ways to Contribute

We welcome anyone that wants to contribute to Telefonistka to triage and reply to open issues to help troubleshoot
and fix existing bugs. Here is what you can do:

- Help ensure that existing issues follows the recommendations from the _[Reporting Issues](#reporting-issues)_ section,
  providing feedback to the issue's author on what might be missing.
- Review and update the existing content of our [Wiki](https://github.com/commercetools/telefonistka/wiki) with up-to-date
  instructions and code samples.
- Review existing pull requests, and testing patches against real existing applications that use Telefonistka.
- Write a test, or add a missing test case to an existing test.

Thanks again for your interest on contributing to Telefonistka!

:heart:

Commit message:

Check in generated mocks (#126)
* Check in generated mocks

All Dependabot pull requests fail checks as the go mod tidy -diff step
fails. This is because tidy runs and sees dependencies from generated
files that has not been generated. That is:

    rm internal/pkg/mocks/argocd_*
    go mod tidy -diff

will fail showing a diff including the google.golang.org/grpc
dependency.

Currently there are two clear options.

1. Generate the files before running go mod tidy; or
2. Check in the generated files.

Normally the preference would be (1) to avoid including code not
actually written by developers maintaining a repository, but with that
said, it is customary in Go to include generated files so a project
builds successfully without an additional pre-compile step [1].

This was very elusive to track down but was ultimately confirmed with

    go mod why google.golang.org/grpc

pointing to the mocks package.

This change removes the (inconsistent) ignores of the generated files
and checks them in to avoid issues running go mod tidy -diff.

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# How to Contribute

Thanks for your interest in contributing to Telefonistka! Here are a few general guidelines on contributing and
reporting bugs that we ask you to review. Following these guidelines helps to communicate that you respect the time of
the contributors managing and developing this open source project. In return, they should reciprocate that respect in
addressing your issue, assessing changes, and helping you finalize your pull requests. In that spirit of mutual respect,
we endeavour to review incoming issues and pull requests within 10 days, and will close any lingering issues or pull
requests after 60 days of inactivity.

Please note that all of your interactions in the project are subject to our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). This
includes creation of issues or pull requests, commenting on issues or pull requests, and extends to all interactions in
any real-time space (eg. Slack, Discord, etc).

## Reporting Issues

Before reporting a new issue, please ensure that the issue was not already reported or fixed by searching through our
[issues list](https://github.com/commercetools/telefonistka/issues).

When creating a new issue, please be sure to include a **title and clear description**, as much relevant information as
possible, and, if possible, a test case.

**If you discover a security bug, please do not report it through GitHub. Instead, please see security procedures in
[SECURITY.md](SECURITY.md).**

## Sending Pull Requests

Before sending a new pull request, take a look at existing pull requests and issues to see if the proposed change or fix
has been discussed in the past, or if the change was already implemented but not yet released.

We expect new pull requests to include tests for any affected behavior, and, as we follow semantic versioning, we may
reserve breaking changes until the next major version release.

Signed commits are required. Follow [Github
documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/managing-commit-signature-verification/signing-commits)
to set it up, and sign your commits so that your pull request can be merged.

### Generated files

Please make sure that generated files are checked in. This is done mainly to
avoid broken builds and dependency issues. See #126 for more context.

Mocks are generated in [mocks.go](./internal/pkg/mocks/mocks.go). They can be
generated using `go generate ./...`.

## Other Ways to Contribute

We welcome anyone that wants to contribute to Telefonistka to triage and reply to open issues to help troubleshoot
and fix existing bugs. Here is what you can do:

- Help ensure that existing issues follows the recommendations from the _[Reporting Issues](#reporting-issues)_ section,
  providing feedback to the issue's author on what might be missing.
- Review and update the existing content of our [Wiki](https://github.com/commercetools/telefonistka/wiki) with up-to-date
  instructions and code samples.
- Review existing pull requests, and testing patches against real existing applications that use Telefonistka.
- Write a test, or add a missing test case to an existing test.

Thanks again for your interest on contributing to Telefonistka!

:heart:
